Add Project Loved: September 2022 news post (#8010)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-09-18-project-loved-september-2022.md

Detailed results for the previous round can be found on the [poll results page of the website](https://loved.sh/statistics) or in the following forum posts:

- [osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/8768240)
- [osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/8768239)
- [osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/8768238)
- [osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/8768237)

The main updates this time around are about captain applications. First off, the osu! captains have closed their application form and decided on the next captains that'll be helping out. In the coming months, you'll get to know these fine gentlemen as they share maps here and open Loved polls:

- [rHO](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1629553)
- [Mismagius](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19048)
- [Skill](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7802027)
- [DeviousPanda](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4966334)

> Following the same idea, **the osu!catch captains have also opened an application**. Click this banner to apply if you're interested!

Reviewer: it doesn't make sense here to say that *one* application has been "opened". applications are open

```suggestion
Following the same idea, **the osu!catch captains have also opened applications**. Click this banner to apply if you're interested!
```
